# Blog
## Overview
A simple blog solution which utilizes GitHub for storing and managing blog content.  The intention is to keep network and maintenance costs low on my server; ideally, the client application will be delivered once when the user visits my page. After that, all network communication will occur directly between the client application and GitHub. I imagine this will cause some problems with SEO and the indexing of individual blogs posts. I will cross that bridge when I get to it.

## Organization
### /client
Runs in the browser. Queries the latest blog entries from this repository via the GitHub REST API.  May eventually fetch other modules/content from the server, too.

Uses the following technologies:
- HTML for general webpage templating
- SASS for programmatic styling of the HTML elements
- WASM generated generated by webpack. Written in Rust with the insurmountable assistance of the web-sys crate
- JavaScript for hooking into the WASM module

### /server [TBI]
As of now, this will have the single responsibility of serving up the latest client-side web application. It will have no knowledge of the site/blog content's, because the client will be responsible for dynamically fetching all the content to be displayed on the web page directly from this repository (e.g. blog posts described in the */blog* section below).

### /blog
Contains the blog entries. Each is stored in a seperate file. *meatadata.blog* contains information about 
all the blog posts. The blogs posts may eventually be written using some MD language; however, they will likely
initially be styled using some good old fashioned HTML and CSS...